Adding GitLab and Nexus (#1421)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/packaging-applications/package-repositories/guides/container-registries/gitlab-container-registry.md

---
title: GitLab container registry
description: Configuring a GitLab container registry as an Octopus feed.
position: 20
---
GitLab creates a Container Registry for each Project or Group.  By default, container registries are disabled on self-hosted installations of GitLab.  To use the container registry, you must first enable it and assign a port for the registry to listen on.

> ## Adding a GitLab NuGet package feed as an Octopus External Feed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding a GitLab Container registry as an Octopus External Feed
```
